Perfect for new parents. We were able to keep track of baby's feeding, sleep and diaper change schedule for the first two and a half months of her life. Made life easier when the doctor would ask questions about habits because we had it all right there!
Helps me know exactly how my babies day has gone with my mother in law watching him while I go to work.  It also has a section for her to write notes and let me know anything she may need.  I couldn't be happier with this book.
I wanted an alternative to printing out daily log sheets for the nanny to fill out, and this has worked out great! I'm no longer searching my daughter's bag for a crumpled piece of paper each day. It's also nice to be able to look back on previous days and weeks for eating and sleeping patterns. I would have preferred a plastic-type cover, but it's held up well so far.
My 3 month old son spend half of his days with my mother and half with a neighbor while I worked.  I had them track his activity (loosely) in this which allowed me to get an idea of how his schedule was developing and how much milk he was eating.  It was the best way to have some cohesion in his life while I was at work.
The Baby Tracker brand books are the absolute best of the trackers that are available. You can track naps, feedings, diaper changes, activities, and notes. They're easy to use and have a nice clean layout.I started using the Newborn Baby Tracker, which tracks nights and days. It gave me a nice way to track feedings and note important milestones. Once I used up the entire book, I bought this Baby Tracker, which tracks only days since my daughter is sleeping during the night now. Her caregiver notes her activities and sleeping times during the day. It's a great way for me to know what happened. Plus, it's nice to be able to look back and see patterns or trends.
I use this so that our babysitter (grandma) can keep track of what goes on during the day.  We've recorded so many milestones since we received this.  It is a 6 month diary and has room for notes.  I wish the hours started around 6 am and went until 8 pm, but we just write over certain times to suit our purposes. The nice thing is that if we had a rough night and we are super tired, we have something to refer to if we forgot when we last fed the baby or when he woke up. I also like that the front page has a place for emergency comments and a consent form in case your child needs medical care.  It also has a place at the back of the book for immunizations.  I'll definitely get another one in 6 months when we finish this book.
Has columns for all the info I need at a glance when I get home from work. Nanny is able to fill it out easily....love it
We used this to help us keep track of pees and poops during that first month. It is really helpful if you breastfeed to keep track of feeding patterns and wet diapers to make sure baby is eating enough. Great book!
I've been using the baby tracker since the day my daughter came home from the hospital.  We're on the third one now.  It's useful for when the doctor asks how often she's feeding and urinating, but even better for looking at and realizing, &#34;Oh, she hasn't slept in x number of hours.  She's probably crying because she's tired.&#34;  But the BEST thing it has done for me since her newborn days is help me put her on a nap schedule.  I flipped through a couple weeks and looked at when she seemed to be sleeping during the day and looked for a pattern, then started putting her down for naps around those same times each day.  It helps a lot.
I've been using this since the day my baby was born (1 month ago) and it is a life saver!  It is a great way to track when I breastfeed, what breast he ate from, how long, etc.  Plus when pee diapers are changed and poopy diapers.  Our Pediatrician is always asking # of Wets and # of Dirty Diapers per day...so I bring this book to our appts and let her see it all.  I color code each item so its very easy to tell at a glance when he last ate, slept, or pottied.  I plan on ordering 3 more so I have enough to track this entire first year of his life!
I have used this book since my son was born.  It's a great and handy way to keep track of when and how much eats and when I change his diaper.  Makes it easy to discuss his progress with his doctor.  This journal is great for his grandparents who watch him while I'm gone.  They are able to maintain his schedule and it makes it very easy for me to see how he is doing while I'm at work.  Highly recommend this journal for all parents of children especially for those with little ones under a year of age.  I'll definitely continue to buy this every 3 months until at least my son is a year old.
I have used this tracker for all 3 of my children and swear by it! It is super easy to leave by the baby's changing table or crib and jot down things throughout the day (feedings, dirty diapers, nap times, etc). I also used it to jot down other important &#34;mile stone&#34; things that I would have quickly forgotten&#8230;like outings, temperature readings, visits from friends to meet him, calls to make, when we stopped swaddling him, etc. I was able to use it as a resource when (many months later!) I went back to formally fill out his baby album since I would have forgotten so many of those valuable little tidbits of information & memories.
GREAT journal. We use this everyday to communicate feeding, medicine and other needs when I don't have time to give my nanny the full rundown. LOVE it! I've bought two!
Great way to keep track of important daily activities/tasks when you are trying to get used to your new baby's routine.I include this as a gift to all of my friends now when they are having a baby.
THis has been helpful in tracking the feedings, diaper changes, naps and other developmental things for our little one but I REALLY wish they had laid it out so that you could leave it open and have the left side be AM and the right PM.  The way the pages are set up you have to flip a page to see a full day (starts with PM on the left and A.M. on the right).  It's a nitpick but if they had just let the user fill in AM or PM then the pages would be identical and you could look at a full day at a glance (with your hands full, holding a baby).  Sort of a pain to have to lean forward to pick it up and flip a page over just to see what happend prior.
if I didn't suck at documenting. Not sure exactly what made me think that I could keep up with recording every feeding, diapering, and sleep session. I was able to keep up with it for about 3 weeks...and then it fell by the wayside. I can really see how this would help with finding a schedule but I decided to let baby lead since we have a very flexible lifestyle.
My husband gave this to me as a Christmas gift as our baby was due in February. This is a great book to have during your first month of having a baby. With the restless nights and the nights blending together, it&#8217;s so easy to forget the last poopy diaper or what side and time you started feeding your little one. I used this book religiously for a month. After that, I just stored it into my newborn box. I will defiantly use it again for my next baby!
This is the best way to keep track of when your baby eats, sleeps, poops, gets a bath, etc. It's also a great way to keep track of which side baby nursed on. I took this to all infant doc appt. And it's a great gift!
I find this tracker very useful. I've been using it for my now 3mo son. I keep it by my chair where I nurse him, so I can stay on top of jotting things down. It has helped figure out his sleeping and eating patterns - great!
Inside is nice and clean. Columns for diaper changes, amount feed, comments, etc. The time intervals are :30 minutes seems adequate, though sometimes I wish it was a bit more detailed. Also would have liked a ribbon or movable tab/page to keep track of what page in the log book we are at.  All in all, it does what is advertised and keeps us sane on what was done/changed when.
I used this for my little on and it was really nice for me as a new mom to have everything so well organized.  There was sufficient space for notes I didn't think, but all in all it was nice to have everything laid out.  If you're organized you could easily make one of these yourself and not spend the money, but when we had our baby I just needed one thing done for me and not have to do it myself and for that it was very helpful.
This is probably one of the greatest inventions. Before my baby was born, I purchased this and figured it's a nice-to-have item.I didn't realize until the first day home from the hospital how I would be RELYING on this simple, but easily organized log book. When you are sleep deprived and learning everything for the first time, you don't know which way is up or down sometimes. It can be extremely overwhelming, especially when breastfeeding every 2 hours. This book is a life-saver. It literally never left my side for the first 6 months. (I bought a second one after the 3 months one was done.)I used it to keep track of diaper changes and what kind (pee/poop), naps, and how long my baby nursed on each side. I also wrote notes for each day so I could see a history of reactions/milestones. It made it easier to figure out what gave my baby gas or why she slept better on certain days.Coupled with the Itzbeen Pocket Nanny Timer (which is also a necessity), I never really lost track (or my mind). It's also great for care-takers too, especially when they are picking up for an hour or two when you run out.Please get this for anyone you know who is expecting a baby and they will thank you! One of the most useful items yet.
Perfect way to keep track of the day for a little one-- this journal allows for detailed tracking of milk intake, diapers, sleep, and activity. Highly recommended as a perfect way to keep track and organize information in one easy to travel with place!
I did a lot of researching on what baby journal to buy and settled on this one and I did not regret it even for a second. This book is perfect! You can keep track of anything your baby does, from eating and sleeping and diapering to all the other things they do like first smile and first laugh. I only wish that instead of being 3 months it would be longer, like 6 months or even 1 year. I would definitely recommend for the first months of your baby's life.
My son's therapist brings this toy over and he just loves it.  He loves to move the ladder on the fire truck up and down.  This is one of his favorite toys and he doesn't play with a lot of baby and toddler toys (gets bored easy).
Both of my boys (1 and 2.5) love stacking and building.  They also love cars.  So this was an obvious choice for a great toy for them.  They both love these cars!  All of the cars have a little &quot;surprise&quot; (the ladder on the firetruck &quot;clicks&quot; as it raises up and down, the siren on the police car spins, etc.) &amp; they are all numbered which is great for counting and number recognition as they get older.  They're also a great way to teach abstract concepts like smallest, bigger, biggest.
My daughter received this as a gift when she was born and when she was on her tummy I used to line them up for her to look at and try and grab.  The bright colourful colours really held her attention.  When she was sitting we played the &quot;Mummy stack them, Baby knock them down&quot; game and &quot;peek-a-boo&quot; with the smaller colours under the bigger cars.  They proved to be a favourite for pushing around the floor as she was crawling and something to chew on (especially the small green one) when she was teething.  At 2, she still sometimes gets them out of the toy box to stack and knock over.  She is now teaching her baby sister the stack and knock over game!  Great for learning big and small, colours and numbers.  Good value!
I bought this last month for my 6 month old son, and it continues to fascinate him.  It is fabulous to encourage moving and crawling as I set them around him and they slide away as he reaches for them -- its been invaluable in encouraging him towards crawling and scooting. When he does get hold of them, exploring the ladder on the fire truck develops his fine motor skills too, and he like chewing on all of them and shaking the rattly little one!  He'll probably soon be able to work the sun roof. It will be a stacking toy later too! Great value for money...
This is a wonderful toy that is fun, educational, and affordable! The cars are different colors, and each has a different number, 1 - 4, to help a child learn counting and colors. They also stack on top of each other and nest inside of each other.(The nesting feature is great for storage too). Each car has a neat fun feature for little ones to explore (e.g., the small car is also a rattle, the large fire truck's ladder moves, etc.) The cars are also very sturdy (as has been proven by my son repeatedly banging them together,) and they are easy for little hands to grab onto. At 6 months of age, my son really enjoys looking at the toys, passing them from one hand to the other, banging them together, and, of course, putting them in his mouth. I imagine this toy will remain one of my son's favorites as he learns to stack them and roll them on the floor. I would highly recommend this item.
For well over a year my son has enjoyed stacking and playing with these cars. They have held up brilliantly to his abuse - they still look like new. Fun to stack, fun to roll. Clever toy that has been a winner with my son since he was one.
I had a homemade quiet book when I was a kid and saw some on pinterest.  Since I don't know how to sew, I visited Etsy to see if I could buy one from that site.  I couldn't believe the prices!  I found this and ordered it for my three kids (9 mos, 2 years, and 3 years), and they all love it.  It's pricey, but it's good quality and much easier on the pocketbook than others.  Great book, and I love that all the pieces are attached!
I had a book similar to this as a child and it brings back wonderful memories! My 20 month old struggles with several of the items, such as the shoe laces and snaps. But he loves the zipper and the Velcro shapes and the other pages give him a great way to learn and practice. Overall it's an item that he can grow into and it's super cute!
I really like this book. You can show your baby shapes, teach her how to use buttons, zipper and snaps, tie a shoe and tell time. My baby is too young for most of these activities at this time, but she already loves to play with this book. I see a lot of quality time spent with this book in the future.
I got this quiet book for my 11 month old - for his 1st birthday coming up. He hasn't been able to play with it yet, but I was very happy going through it. I think he will have years of fun with this book. It provides several activities, which will help him practice skills he will be learning. It's also got bright colors and fun shapes that he is sure to enjoy. Can't wait to give it to him! Thanks.
This teether is ridiculous. It's huge, it's hard to clamp down on, and my daughter had no idea what was going on when it started vibrating in her mouth.It's just too big, awkward, and hard to push down on. Not worth the money, in my opinion.
My son loves this.  It took him a few tries to get the hang of it but its real simple for him to use.  When he bites it and it vibrates, he starts laughing and the tears disappear.
This was a favorite as soon as my son figured out that when he would bite it, it would vibrate. It either is really soothing or he just likes how it feels or something because hes 10mo old now and he still loves it...! Handle is great to put links around also to attach it to stroller or carseat!
my 5mth old daughter really likes this teething toy. it has just the right amount of vibration and it triggered easily enough where she can activate it herself with little effort. i like that the 3 sides of the star have different ribbing so it feels different on her gums. great product for the money and a must have for a teething baby.
It is a great toy for them to chew and play with, but it is a bit harder for smaller babies to chew on. The vibration was a bit stronger than I was expecting, but it does not seem to bother my son a bit.
My son loved this toy form the time he was teething until well after the time he got his teeth in. I plan on buying this for my daughter who is now 3 months even though she is not teething yet, she loves putting things in her mouth.
Great toy for teething! My daughter finds this very interesting especially when it gently vibrates and massages her gums. It didn't take her long to press down with her front teeth to activate the massaging action. She's enjoyed this just about everyday since we got it about 3 months ago. No issues with it! I sent one to a friend who just had her baby for when she starts teething.
thought would be a great idea for my almost 1 y/o...however, she really doesn't like it.  perhaps if i knew about it/introduced it to her when she was smaller she would be more apt to use it...she does like the rattle aspect of it and i vibrate her tummy, lol.  so it's not a complete waste
This is a great teether.  It is very easy for the little one to stimulate the vibrating action, making it a huge hit!
I like this product a lot, but was very excited to receive it to apply on my 5 month old who is starting the whole teething process... the product vibrates great, the colors are attractive to her, and as soon as she sees it its the first thing she wants to grab. However, its a little heavy for her and in order to make it vibrate I have to hold it because it requires more strength than her tiny mouth has at the moment. Hopefully as she becomes stronger she can use this product better. But overall I really like it.
Our son's occupational therapist recommended this for our aggressive teether. She thought he was using teething as a way to stimulate and calm himself. He liked playing with it more than he liked teething on it.
My son is obsessed with this teether!! He was first more fascinated with spinning the bottom part and chewing on that but after 4 months of having it, he has now switched and loves the rubber/vibrating part. I don't know what I would do without this one, I think it is a must have! Not only a teether but a toy as well :)
This toy was our go-to when my daughter was teething.  It really soothed her and calmed her down.  When her two year molars started coming in we got it back out for her and she still loved it.  We will definitely be buying another one for our next baby!
This works well to keep a baby busy. It's just too bad you can't change the battery. The battery hasn't run out yet though. I did buy this previously for another baby and I don't recall the battery running out for a long time.
My baby liked the massaging action but it took time for him to realize how to do it. When he finally did, the battery gave out nearly the same day. The battery would work in short spurts after a rest but I wouldn't waste my money on it again.
Bought this based on the reviews. My daughter is an early teether at 3 months old. My only complaint is that she has a hard time activating the vibration by biting hard enough. This has allot to do with her age. I have to hold one of the corners for her to activate the vibration. She LOVES it, I only wish it had an on/off switch so I didn't have to hold it for her. She actually cries when I try to take it away from her.
My baby loves the vibrations on his teeth. He also shakes it like a rattle. This product is good quality.
I've bought several teethers and this i one of the best ones. The vibration helps ease the discomfort and the colors make it also very interesting.
If I can recommend one teether to buy for your teething baby, it would be this one. The vibration made it fun and it took the edge off for my little guy. The shape/handle made it really easy for him to hold. We never leave the house without this thing and it is the go-to gift I give to all my expecting friends.
We have another vibrating teether that is very similar to this one, there are some differences though.This one is much softer on the outside which could be nice on tender gums.This one has 3 points that she can use to pin point the problem area.Each point has a different texture (bumps, ridges) so there is some varianceThis one seems like it is easier to activateI will say that I don't know if she favors one for the other.  It seems like she uses them both about equally.She also likes to play with it by making it vibrate on her hands, feet, cheeks etc.  We have had a lot of fun playing with it.It's a great find and I wish I had come across it sooner.
I have two and the batteries haven't died which I find impressive. These are well made. A year later, my son still likes these and likes the green spinner on the end a lot.
The product is great. I would push down the edges to make it vibrate and hold it against my baby's gums and he seemed to like it. However, the reason I gave it four stars and not five is because he doesn't bite down hard enough to make it vibrate on his own, and so he lost interest in it fairly quickly.
Everyone should buy this!  Such a soothing gift.  My granddaughter liked to just explore with it as well,  Not necessarily just to sooth gums.
Our 6 month old can't bite on this thing hard enough to make it vibrate on his own, so we have to squeeze it and help him hold it in his mouth (it's also heavy).  He seems to enjoy the way it feels, but it's actually so hard to squeeze that even our hands get tired after a minute or so.  Maybe better for older teethers?
My daughter loves to chew on both ends of this teething aid.  She also likes it because it has some weight to it and she can really throw it pretty far! I would recommend this teething aid if you're looking for a vibrating teether.
Don't waste your money, my son would rather suck on his fingers than to use this messaging corn teether.  The massager really has to be squeezed in order to work. :(
I bought this for my 2.5 year old with special needs, on the recommendation of her occupational therapist. It sooths her like nothing else. We put it in her mouth and she immediately relaxes and even falls asleep with it. Unfortunately, from all that use, they don't even last a week in our house. I'm still buying more.
This is a great toy for teething babies!  The colors catch their attention while the different shapes keep their hands and mouths amused.  The size is just right for them to actually hold on to it too.  I'd recommend it to any parent of a very young child- especially for the price!
my daughter likes this a lot.  its more like a teething ring than a necklace, though.  i read some complaints about the star-- the edges of the star are rounded but if choped at a bad angle, I think it could still be an issue, but i watch my daughter with it.
I got this carrier before my son was born. I was a nanny and have tried many carriers with babies of various sizes. This is the most comfortable and versatile carrier I've tried yet.The downsides are that it is a little challenging to use. I have had to learn quite a few different ways to carry my son, who is just 3 months old. If you don't adjust the carries you use as your baby grows, it can be very uncomfortable for both you. It is also very bulky. It doesn't even fit in an empty diaper bag. My next carrier will be unpadded.
I love these sheets because they are a thick and durable material. They fit on a standard pack-n-play too which is nice. Definitely worth the price.
I ordered this as a spare for my original Co-Sleeper. There really aren't a ton of places you can buy these, so I wasn't too concerned about the price. All told, Baby Bungalow did offer it for the best price, including shipping.While the sheet is a perfect fit, I was perplexed by the 'button' holes on the under side of each corner. Can't imagine what those are for. That or my Co-Sleeper is on the older side and there have been design changes since.Overall, quality product.
My daughter loves this but like others have said it doesn't fit on the Graco Quattro Travel System.  I have gotten it to work but sometimes it gets in the way of latching the snack tray on the front.  I still love it and so does my daughter.
I was a little nervous because so many people wrote that this adorable product did not fit Graco strollers well.  I am thrilled to report, however, that it fits the Graco Metrolite stroller perfectly and looks adorable!  Wonderful product!
I just bought this toy because it was the only one I could find in the store for a stroller.. And of course it won't fit on our Graco stroller.
We have/had a Graco Quattro and a MetroLite stroller and This doesn't fit on either one!!  It was a complete waste of money! Try it in the store on a stroller like you own before buying!
you couldn't ask for a better diaper pail. one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers. great product!
I originally had another pail and it broke after about 9 months of use, so I got this one. I love it! It is very easy to use and keeps the diapers away from little hands. It has a large capacity and cuts back on frequent trips to the trash can. I keep a stick on air freshner in the bottom and it helps with lingering smells. Also no expensive refills to buy! Great pail.
Before my first child was born, I was all set to buy the Diaper Genie but then a friend told me about the Diaper Champ. She said that it did a good job and I didn't have to buy any special bags. So I went out and bought it along with a big box of tall kitchen bags. My son is now 4 months old, and so far it is working great. It is in the nursery and there is no smell at all. I am usually very sensitive about any bad smells, and so is my mom but even she couldnt smell any odors. So far this has been a great product. The lid is definately tight, but it does not bother me much. Hopefully, it will still work when the diapers get REALLY smelly! But so far so good!!
I love this product...  My sister in law has a baby 4 months older than my daughter, and she has a diaper genie.  She is stuck having to buy the special cartridges.  So even though the Diaper Genie is less expensive, in the long run, the Diaper Champ turns out to be the one that is less expensive.  Plus with the Diaper Champ you can flip the handle and away goes the dirty diaper. With the Diaper Genie, you have to twist the darn thing and it's hard to operate.  My mother in law almost always has problems with the Diaper Genie at my sister in laws house... she ends up cutting the bags.  When she's at my house, she can't go wrong, just flip the handle! The Diaper Champ is hands down the winner!!!!
I registered for the Diaper Champ after seeing the reviews and I cannot talk enough about it. I just live it!!! It is odorless(so far) and very easy to use - and only with one hand, so you can SAFELY keep the other one on your baby. It's very easy to change the bags, which you can use any 13 gallons one - no expensive refills to buy!!!! I just sprinkle some scented baby powder or spray some Lysol Disinfectant spray everytime I change a bag, to keep it from smelling even a little bit.I highly recommend the Champ, you will not regret it!!!
This product isn't that bad... however it is not smell proof.  I love the fact that it will take any type of trash bag, but if you do not empty the pail out daily the smell leaks out into your baby's room and it does not smell pleasant.
I like the Diaper Champ.  My little boy's room doesn't stink from dirty diapers.  I empty it once a week, when it is time for trash pick-up.  I like the fact of using regular trash bags instead of having to buy special bags.  I do wipe it down a couple of times a month.  I have also put in a box of baking soda to help absorb the odors inside.  I highly recommend this product.  It is very easy to drop in your dirty diapers.
In registering and purchasing products for my baby, I did a lot of research.  This included reading reviews, asking friends (lots) about products that did and didn't work for them, and actually trying to use some of the products.  I decided to go w/ the Diaper Champ after learning that the overwhelming majority of my friends absolutely hated that leading diaper pail the Diaper Genie and actually trying to use that awful contraption.  In fact in one circle of friends the Diaper Genie was re-gifted about four times b/c they were simply trying to get rid of it. I also did not like the idea of having to buy the special bags that the Diaper Genie requires.  The diaper champ uses regular kitchen bags. I have NEVER experienced an odor problem.  If you want to thwart an odor problem do the following:-Fold the diaper over and close it.-Remember to change the bags!!!  I usually change mine twice a week on garbage day.-You still have to clean the thing!! I usually spray the inside w/ Lysol when I change the bag and/ or wipe it w/ antibacterial wipes.  On occasion I wipe it w/ cleaner just as I would clean by bathroom.-For those complaining about toddler diaper odors.  Toddlers eat solids, their poop smell very adult like!  We have to do things to banish odors from our toilets, the same has to be done for toddler diapers whether you use this product or any other.This product has been a life saver and I recommend it highly.
So far we love our Diaper Champ.  We have been using it for 3 months and have had no problem with smells.  We liked the fact that you could use regular trash bags instead of special refills.
i refused to buy the genie for the simple reason of i didnt want to be bothered with refills and i read that it clogged.  so i decided on this one and glad i did.  it is most excellent at keeping the foulest of stenches out.  and i love that i dont have to buy those EXPENSIVE refills.  just use the bags you have in your kitchen!  easy to replace when full and it just works!!!
I bought this pail before my son was born. First we bought the Safety 1st Odor-less pail, but it was broken, and the store was out of stock when we returned it. I read the reviews and found this one sounded the best.I love that it is so easy to use. My husband didn't even want a diaper pail because he didn't expect them to hold in any odors at all. Now that we have this one, he loves it. It's so easy to flip the lid and away goes the diaper. No twisting till your wrist breaks. At first we were using scented trashbags, but I've switched to grocery bags and they work just as well. I change the bag about once a week with either kind of bags. My son is now three months old and wears size 3 diapers. The only problem we've had is that if you don't close the diaper tapes they can stick and jam the pail. All in all it's been a great buy.
I love the Diaper Champ...you don't have the need for expensive refills and there is very little odor.  The main odor is revealed when it is time to change the bag.  You almost want to change the bag outside!  I find that if I keep a small air freshener in the bottom, it does help...(like one for a car).  So easy to use, definitely recommend!!!
We bought this primarily because it had better reviews than the Diaper Genie when we bought it and that we don't have to buy special bags. I love that you can use trash bags. I haven't had a problem with the bag not being full enough. For one, when the Champ is full the trash bag is a bit more then half full, but is also very heavy so you wouldn't want anymore diapers in there anyway. The only problem I've found with it was when my sister-in-law put my 2 year old nieces diaper in there and the smell lingered a bit. Her diapers are MUCH different then my 3 month old son though. So overall I love the Diaper Champ!
My husband and I decided to get this one over the Diaper Genie because like most people, we didn't like the idea of having to buy special bags.  We went to Costco and bought a big thing of garbage bags to use that seems to be lasting us FOREVER. Our daugher is now 4 months old, and we never had a problem with this. No odor or anything.  Extremely easy to use, no assembly required.
We've been using the Diaper Champ for about 4 months now, and have had NO problems whatsoever!  The design is absolutely ingenious and the fact that it takes regular trash bags is a definite plus!  We bought a box of Hefty Trash Bags with that odor patch to use in the Champ and we change the bag about 2-3 times a week, and we've have had no problems with smell.  I usually wipe the Champ off with a Clorox Wipe each time I change the bag, but my husband decided to take apart the Champ a few weeks ago to give it a thorough cleaning with some bleach water, and he mentioned that the gaskets were looking worn out.  So, I called Baby Trend (Diaper Champ manufacturer) and they sent me to two new gaskets and two new piston rings (which I didn't even ask for) for FREE!  The customer service rep. even told me to call and request more gaskets and rings when we notice that the new ones start to wear out, usually after about 6 months.  Overall, I am very pleased with our purchase.
We didn't want to spend a fortune on a diaper pail and refills, so we opted for the Diaper Champ. We absolutely love it. We have used it for three months now and have had no problems with smells of any kind. Best of all, you can use any kind of bag, including reused plastic grocery bags!
This is one of the things I can't live without. There are no bad smells until you open it. Using regular garbage bags is a huge money saver and there is plenty of room for tons of diapers! Plus it can also be used as a trash can!
I absolutely love this diaper champ. I was first drawn to it because no special bags were needed. It is so easy to use - one handed diaper disposable with the quick flip handle and so easy to empty. This item is a MUST HAVE!!!
I have used this for 11 months and I love it. What we did was after the baby started having odor in his #2s we bought some of those diaper bags from dollar tree (100 for $1) and put the dirty diapers in those little bags. So easy! Never an odor problem. And I use regular kitchen garbage bags in it, so no special bags to buy.I did research when I was registering before the baby and looked at all of the other diaper pails and this one was the one that came out ahead. I am glad I researched it because I am very happy with it!
the diaper champ does it's job: it collects dirty diapers and conceals the stink. of course you have to clean the whole thing out from time to time (which should be expected considering the toxic waste it stores!), but i never had any issues with smell, unless it was so full it had to be emptied anyway. what sold me on this diaper pail vs. the others, is that this one takes ANY plastic bag you want to put in it, meaning grocery bags, trash bags... nothing fancy. as a new mom (or new parent) you have enough things to worry about and spend your money on; last thing you need is to head to the store for diaper pail bags. no complaints from me on this diaper pail.
ALL DIAPERS SMELL, no matter what you put them in, especially once your kid starts solid foods. Get over it. This pail is fantastic.  We use it for our dogs' poop bags, and line it with Ruffies scented trash bags (we use vanilla, they also have lavender, and they are cheap). There is no smell, except in the summer when it is hot (and that's only because the pail is outside on the back porch, the one we buy for the nursery will be inside in the air conditioning).
love it because it uses the bags from the grocery store.  way cheaper than others.  have to change regulary (2 times per week) when the baby gets on solids though.
The Champ is the ultimate in Diaper disposal.  We tried the Diaper Genie and found it to be a hassle and more expense than we wanted (2 sets of refills every month).  The Diaper Champ uses regular trash bags (we like the scented 13 gallon bags by Ruffies) and is absolutely a no-brainer to operate!  Simply drop the diaper in the cubby on top and flip the handle!  The diaper falls into the belly of the champ and that's it!  Drop and flip!  No twisting, shoving or cutting like the Genie.  And this is perfect for babies that grow into inquisitive toddlers - the Champ is much bigger than the Genie so it can't be easily hauled around by an adventurous baby and it's easy to keep her out of the messy contents as well (unlike regular diaper pails or trash cans)!Another reason I prefer the Champ is the fact that there are no "blades" involved.  I just didn't like the idea of a diaper disposal with blades in my nursery.  The thought that someday she might get into the pail and possibly be cut on the sharp blades used for separating the bags - was frightening!  This is not a worry when it comes to the champ.  Just simple, clean, odor resistant, in-expensive to maintain/operate and safe!I'd recommend the Champ to anyone - buy it, you won't be sorry!
This is a wonderful product.  One suggestion to the manufacturer--the blue piece that holds the bag in place--perhaps the mouth of this could be made bigger so that an 8 gallon trash bag actually fills up completely before you need to take it out.  Right now, it's only about 1/2 to 2/3 full before we have to remove it.
This is a great pail.  It originally appealed to me because of the cost benefit of using any old plastic bag.  We buy the generic tall kitchen bags.  We soon found that another benefit is that you only have to change the bag every 6 or 7 days!  Additionally, it really has a one-handed operation.
We like that this product uses regular trash bags while still containing a lot of diapers.  It holds a lot of diapers so it doesn't need to be changed every day.  Highly recommend this.
Easy to change bags.Stable when changing bags (others are not!!!) - won't topple over.REGULAR GARBAGE BAGSOne hand use.
I purchased this diaper pail after struggling for several months with the Diaper Genie.  The Diaper Champ was hands down the best diaper pail I used while my child was in diapers (I used three: Diaper Genie, Easy Saver Diaper Pail, and the Diaper Champ).  I didn't have to spend loads of money on the special Diaper Genie bags anymore, it had far superior odor control as compared to the Easy Saver Diaper Pail, and it's really easy to use - drop a diaper in, flip the handle over, done!  I actually developed pain in my elbow from all the twisting the Diaper Genie required as it wrapped each diaper into its little sausage-like casing.  I passed this diaper pail on to a friend once I was finished with it, and will happily purchase it for other friends in the future.
I love this diaper pail. Yea, if you let poopy diapers sit in it for too long and don't change the bag on a regular basis it will start to stink but  c'mon its a bucket full of poopy diapers.As you child grows, or if you have older children watch out. The handle system fascinates  little ones and they find it amusing that they can put something in, flip it and it disappears,  which is good when it's a diaper, bad when it's,,, your keys.
Let's face it.  This is a specially designed garbage can to hold human feces.  One cannot expect that it will be odor free.  Mine certainly isn't.  It is my fault, though.  If I emptied the bag more often, there would not be a stench.  But alas, I am lazy.  So when I do change the bag, I also spray some lysol.  Works for me.  I like it that you just have to flip the handle for the diaper to go bye bye.When I first got the product, I really hurt my finger trying to open the thing.  But that was my own fault.  I did not have it on the floor.  When opening the lid, step on the stabilizer ring at the bottom of the unit and it opens with ease.I too love that you do not have to buy special bags for this.  What a pain to have to remember to buy and then spend five bucks a pop on Genie bags.  Thanks, but no.All in all, I really like my Diaper Champ.  It's also taller than the genie which is good for me, I don't have to bend over so much to flip the lid.