-1	I found the ultimate crib sheet to be much more trouble than it's worth. Lifting my daughter's mattress takes no effort: it's made of  lightweight foam. As a result, changing her sheets is also super easy. I just have to lift the mattress, and it takes two seconds. On the other hand, snapping all the ties on the ultimate crib sheet takes bending over the crib for five solid minutes (plus, the manufacturer recommends snapping the snaps before every wash, which means snap on crib, unsnap, snap again before wash, unsnap, snap on crib...) So, if you have a foam mattress in a corner of the room, I'd suggest just getting normal sheets and some of those stay-dry liners. If you have a coil mattress and keep the crib in the center of the room, then by all means, try the ultimate crib sheet...
+1	My mom said to get enough crib sheets because it was something you had to change constantly.... I now have a drawer full of crib sheets that have never been used!  This is the best thing ever!  we put one on, and have the other one for an emergency.  It is soft, the cotton is excellent quality and the work of crib changing at 3 in the morning it just went from 10 minutes to 1 minute! nothing can bit 9 minutes of extra sleep in the middle of the night
+1	Really they should hand these out at the hospital. Ever tried to change a crib sheet in the middle of the night while your kids has either puked or peed on it. No one is happy, everyone is crying. This simplifies all of that and still lets you have and see your adorable sheet set you overpaid for. The snaps are so much easier to deal with and the sheet is super absorbent. We have two so if there is an accident - one gets replaced while the dirty one is washed.
+1	I really wish that I had this when my son was a newborn and all those midnight crib cya gongs could have been avoided. This is a really great and easy to use product. It is definitely one of the first things that I recommend to parents and I'm glad that we will have it around for our second child. Make sure tha you buy a backup one or teo for those late night changings. This came in very handy when our 18 month old went through potty training and just for any other leakages or accidents that kids sometimes have.My only complaint was that when we washed these in the wash, some of the snaps would break off. also, on a side note, as cheap as these are from Amazon, I have also been able to find the same brand at TJMaxx and Marshalls for half the price.
+1	I really like this sheet!  It keeps the rest of my son's crib sheets dry, so easy to take off and clean. I have two so I just wash one and use the other.  Especially great for those nighttime leaks when you just need to change baby and the sheet and get back to bed!
+1	I recently attended a baby shower and gave this as a gift.  The mother had requested a couple of these.  Since then she has given birth and this sheet has been working well for her.  Great idea for a baby shower gift.
+1	I absolutely love this sheet! Changing my babies sheet is effortless, thanks to this great invention. Just snap one off and snap another one on- so convenient, especially for those middle of the night changes! A couple of my snaps have fallen off over time, but it's no big deal, and the sheet will still work- I highly recommed this sheet to anyone who has a baby!
-1	The concept of this product is good, but I found the snaps extremely difficult to snap and unsnap (maybe they get easier with a little wear, but I haven't used it enough to see).  Therefore, I found it both quicker and easier just to take the mattress out all together and use fitted sheets (which are also more attractive).  I would only use this product if you have a mattress/crib set that have a fit making it extremely difficult to get the mattress out.  Seems like most crib mattresses slide out pretty easily, making this product pretty unnecessary.
+1	These are the only sheets I have ever used in my son's crib. I bought one regular sheet to cover the mattress, and I've never taken it off. I just use my Ultimate Crib Sheets. I have three; I would recommend that number. I can't imagine how much of a pain it would be to have to lift the crib mattress up to change sheets...this is just SO EASY snap, snap, snap and you're done!I never dry mine in the dryer. I hang it on a drying rack and it's usually dry after a few hours. I want mine to last, and using the dryer tends to wear them out. I've never not had one on hand, with 3 total.
+1	We have something similar to this leftover from when my daughter was a baby and I wanted another, I wasn't ablt to find exactly the same pad but this is doing the job.
+1	I love this sheet!  I have 4 of them (2 for each child). It is super absorbent and stays in place! They are great for potty training accidents and for one unfortunate night with the stomach flu.  I used to wrestle with matress when changing the sheets but not anymore.  I have the pretty sheet that matches the bedding on the bottom and the crib sheet on top.  Now if there is a middle-of-the-night accident I just unsnap the cirb sheet, pull it off, and put a clean one in its place.  This is one a the gifts that I give at all baby showers because I think no Mom should be without at least 2 of these (you need a spare!)
+1	They are so easy to put on (or change when you're half asleep) and really protect the baby's sheets. I have three of them right now! You need to be careful with them in the washer and dryer (the washer sometimes ripped the backings on them and the dryer sometimes broke off the snaps) but they are so worth it!
-1	The reviews that say this product is soft are all pretty old (2002-2004 isn). Recent reviews all agree that the product is not soft. Somewhere down the line they must have tried to save some money and made this product. I wouldn't sleep on this so will not use it for my son's crib. As far as protecting the sheet it probably does what is says...but I'll never know since I'm returning it.
+1	This is the BEST crib sheet out there! It can be simply used by itself by just fastening the straps to the sides of the crib or can be used with a more decorative sheet simply placed snugly in place over it.My daughter is now 6 months and has leaked out of her diaper on occassion, the mattress that she sleeps on cost around $120.00, so thanks to this sheet the mattress still looks the same as it did when we brougt it home.
+1	Reality is...you don't have to have this, but it really helps simplify your life if you do.  You don't have to take off the crib bumper and lift the mattress to take off this crib sheet.  Instead, you just unsnap and place a clean one on top of the mattress.  I have a regular crib sheet under the Ultimate Crib Sheet for decorative purposes and in case he needs to be placed on it if my spare is dirty.  I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because it's annoying to have to snap all of the straps prior to washing it and also because there is some shrinking that occurs after it's washed (Make sure you put it on the low setting in your dryer).  Also, they are expensive.  I have two of them and it's worked out just fine.
-1	The strings ripped off when I tried to pull it off of the crib. I also didn't like the idea of this being on top of the mattress and crib sheets. So it might be a good idea if you don't have a great baby mattress or aren't into decorating the baby space. At first I thought this product was clever, but once I got it I realized how useless it was. It's so easy to take the crib sheet off of my baby's crib, so I really never needed this.
+1	So easy to use, it's the only one I ever used!
-1	Seemed like a good idea, but I didn't care for it. I returned it because it wasn't soft. Actual crib sheets are much nicer to look at too.
+1	This is a great product!  Buy two and put them both in the crib.  When your little one leaks in the night, just unsnap and toss the dirty one aside, and you'll have a clean one underneath.  As far as the snaps falling off, my son had pyloric stenosis (severe vomiting requiring surgery) and I washed these 3 or 4 times a day for weeks.  Never once did I have any of the permanent snaps fall (there are two completely detachable snaps on the ends that I don't even use).  I even washed and dried on the normal cycle (not gentle) in warm water (not cold, as is recommended).
-1	I thought I would love this to help do quick crib changes for when a child is sick, or has an accident/leak... however it is really annoying for me to weave the elastic around the crib slats to fasten the buttons-- really doesnt save time, and since our mattress cover is waterproof I dont really need another waterproof layer.
+1	I ordered two pack. One of them was an open item but the sheet looks fine and doesn't seem like have been used. I'm okay with that because i bought them for less than $4!
-1	This is supposed to save time instead of changing out the sheet, but I found it took just as long to change this as it does to change the actual sheet.  You have to reach all around the crib to do (or undo) all the snaps, which is aggravating and somewhat difficult depending on the placement of your crib.  Compared to just lifting up the mattress and quickly pulling off the sheet and putting a new one on, I think this might actually take longer.
+1	I have never changed the sheet on my daughter's crib.  Instead, I have 2 ultimate crib sheets that I alternate between.  I can't tell you how awesome it's been.  In general, they're easier to change than regular crib sheets.  In a pinch (ie, diaper explosion or sick baby in the middle of the night), they make life SO much easier.  Just fold the sheet up to contain the mess, take it to the laundry room, snap the new one on, and you're good to go.I've read reviews that said they didn't like this sheet, but I love it.  You don't need any other mattress pad with it, either.
-1	I've had 2 of the ultimate crib sheets and been using them for 7 months now and I do not like them. I don't hate them, but I don't like them and will never purchase them again. The idea is wonderful, but parts of the product are too cheaply made. Within the first washing, some of the snaps were pulled off the sheet (with following the directions to re-snap the sheet before washing). That was disappointing. Thankfully, it was only 2 snaps and I was still able to make the sheet function. However, it does take some time to snap the sheet on securely and it isn't very soft or cozy for baby. It has kept accidents from leaking through and it did work well in that area, but as far as adding coziness or comfort or ease of use...it failed miserably. I bought mine through Babies R Us instead of Amazon but wanted to contribute a review regarding the product because I shop through Amazon much more often. I wish I had been better informed, I would have gotten the quick zip sheets instead. The attachments for the snaps are not well made and I would not recommend this product to new moms. Go for a different crib pad that will protect and add some softness/coziness to the crib. This sheet also does not retain warmth well - even after throwing in the dryer and then putting on crib, it cools quickly and remains cool which may be nice in the summer but not during a winter in South Dakota...One more additional note, it does take a very long time for these sheets to dry - an extra dry cycle in the dryer. Not handy or helpful.
+1	These only work if you crib slats are a certain size.  Our slats are too wide and the sheet would not snap around them.  We had to jerryrig the crib by adding plastic hooks that the snaps could fit around.  This won't work for us as baby gets older.  I do like that the sheets are easy to change, clean well and allow you to keep the crib safe without having to add a lot of bedding.  This product works well with the Halo Sleep Sacks.
+1	Love this. I dont' have to keep washing the crib sheet. This makes it easier to keep my baby's bed clean.
+1	The Summer Infant Ultimate Crib Sheet is a very useful product.  It protects the sheet, eliminating the need to change the crib sheet if there is diaper leakage or spitting up.  It goes on and off in seconds - so helpful to a Mom, especially in the middle of the night. It is large enough to cover the whole crib surface.  It seems to be waterproof and yet doesn't make the baby sweaty.My only concern would be that since it attaches to the crib rails, there is an outside chance a baby could loosen/undo a strap.I think it would be handy to have two of these to rotate them out.  I like it and would recommend it.
+1	Did not know about these initially when I registered for my first baby.  Had one during her first year.  Now having a second baby and ordered three more!  They have made nights when the baby got sick so much easier!  Our first one did pill on the cloth side but baby doesn't mind and it still serves it's purpose.
-1	I tried this out on my baby's standard size crib, and it fit horribly. The little loops that hold it down, don't seem safe at all!!! And they don't keep the sheet secure to the mattress. I don't know how they're allowed to sell these. They seem like a major safety hazard to me!!! Total waste of money!!!
+1	Seems to fit just fine except that the corner snaps could be longer.  We have a Sorelle Rosa crib with hidden hardware so the snaps must go around the outside of two bars for each corner.  The straps are just not long enough to effectively go around all 4 corners.  No big deal though as we just do two corners and then go around the first set of bars on the far side.  So the sheet is offset by a couple inches but doesn't appear to have enough slack to become a safety issue.  If our baby does start to try to get under the sheet it doesn't seem like a difficult task to just add our our strap extensions.  We'll probably be buying a few more to allow for more time between laundry runs.
+1	This pad has worked well for my son. He is 3.5 years old and we are trying to potty train him through the night. It's nice not to have to wash an entire sheet and mattress pad every time he has a small accident. It has never leaked and it's been washed many times and still retains its waterproof quality. The only reason I took off one star is because it's a little stiff and he was resistant to having it on his bed at first. He got used to it and now it is working fine.
+1	Accidents happen with little kids, this is a really easy way to make sure the bed is kept clean and dry especially if you have a loft or bunk bed you don't want to climb up to, to tear apart.
+1	For a Training pad these are super easy to use, wash and make acceptable with your kid. Have 5 of them now as we braved no diapers at night early on.
+1	This is an excellent mattress pad to use during potty training.  It's also good for the time before that just in case there are leaks.  It's very absorptive and easy to put on and take off.
+1	I absolutely LOVE the Handy's Plus Pad.  I purchased 5 of the full-size pads for my son over a year and a half ago and I think they are GREAT.  My 4-year old has slept in a full-size bed since he turned 2.  These pads really work (no leaks!), are comfortable and wash-up well.  I only have 2 complaints ... 1. the side-flaps aren't quite long enough to fully tuck under if you have a pillow-top mattress (although you can make it work if one side of the bed is against the wall and you pull the opposite side really tight)  AND  2. the top and bottom of the pad tend to "curl up" after several washings.  Despite these complaints, I have not been able to find a pad that is even near the quality and comfort of this one.  The reason that I own 5 of these is that, if you truly want "full" coverage on the bed for a child that rolls all over while sleeping, you need to use 2 with some slight overlap (so, 2 to use and 2 for back-up).  I also use one (full-size) on the Spinmaster Flip-Open Sofa to keep spills and accidents from staining the sofa.  The full-size fully covers the full-length of the sofa.  I think this is a "must have" product for parents of toddlers that don't want to be constantly changing bed sheets or trying to "wash" a children's sofa that really isn't meant to be washed.(fyi ... If you like Basic Comfort's Ultimate Crib Sheet, then you'll also like their Handy's Plus Pad.  The Handy's Plus Pad is basically the Ultimate Crib Sheet with side flaps and without the snaps.  In fact, the pad portion of the Handy's Plus Pad - Full size is almost the same size as the Ultimate Crib Sheet.)
-1	This is an OKAY diaper pail for the money. It doesn't TOTALLY eliminate the smell and the bags are hard to change. I don't even try any more to 'twist' the bag, I just take the lid off. It is very easy to open and I wonder about my son getting in it as he gets older. If this is all you can afford, it's not that bad.
-1	My husband and I picked out this diaper pail when I was pregnant with my son because friends told us to get one that uses regular garbage bags. That turned out to be the only perk of this diaper pail. The springs have been popping off since about the first month. My son is now 10 months old and recently one of the springs broke, which completely gets rid of the supposed &quot;odor-free&quot; feature (which I found wasn't exactly true either).  Now that we are expecting baby #2 I am going to have to buy another diaper pail to replace this one. My advice: Don't waste your money. It's just as efficient to throw your diapers in a regular trash can.
+1	We have used this pail for 3 years, and 2 kids.  The advantage is that this pail doesn't require any special bags. We change out the bag twice a week.  You save a lot of money if you get sheap bags at Dollar Tree or Big Lots (works out to about 10-cents a bag).  It does get stinky sometimes, but all garbage pails do and every child has an extra stinky diaper occasionally.  Roll with it and save money when and where you can.
+1	Purchased this unit to hold adult size large briefs and have been pleasantly surprised.  Holds approximately 8 soiled briefs with virtually no smell emitted (except when adding more to pail).  I wish it held more but I'm so happy to have something that helps with this &quot;unmentionable&quot; problem that I really am not concerned by the small-ish volume.  I'm having trouble finding replacement deodorizer disks though and may have to use a stick-on unit or something when a new one is required.
+1	Bought this to keep my toddler from unplugging some important plugs (ie: tv, chest freezer, etc) It works very well and is extremely secure. I actually have a very tough time getting into this. The narrowness makes this not work for adapters or thick cords. And the two small openings at the bottom of the unit are for thinner or normal sized cords only. I had a hard time getting my thicker cords through (the surge protector and chest freezer cord). I actually broke the bottom section that separates for two cords off so the larger cords would go in more easily. When I did this I was actually only able to put one cord per cover. Recommend this just for thin plugs, no adapters. Good buy for the price.
+1	I bought these to help baby proof my house.  My son gets into everything!!  These covers are fantastic.  They are sort of hard to get open when installing them.  There is no way my son will be able to open them....he's tried! haha.  Only problem is, it doesn't prevent him from pulling on the wires.  So you still need to be vigilant :)
-1	There are two pieces to the outlet cover: back part replaces the outlet cover (and needs to be screwed on) and the front cover, which is released from the back cover by squeezing the two plastic pieces on the sides. The plastic side pieces are part of the back part, made of stiff plastic and extremely difficult to squeeze. This outlet cover also did not fit one of my outlets (it would not stay flush to the wall).
+1	This things install quickly and easily if you're running standard cords (for lamps, etc.) though the holes.  If you want to run something thicker (like the wire on one of my power strips) I found I had to do a bit of modification to make it fit.  I ended up trimming the gap so it was larger on the backside plate and that did the trick.I think the ones I got are more than difficult enough to keep my son from opening them.  I'd consider them on the fence for an outlet that I'd want access to all the time, and someone with arthritis would probably want to stay away.
-1	I had a couple major issues with this outlet cover.#1: The screw that probably is in your existing wall outlet covers is not long enough to accommodate this outlet cover. They made it much thicker than the outlet cover it replaces so for me, I need to go purchase a handful of screws.#2: Box is not big enough to accommodate ANYTHING except basic, small, two-prong plugs. So what won't fit? Our laptops, our phone charger (Samsung Galaxy has a small box that plugs into wall), iPod chargers, computer charger, power strip plug, light dimming plug attached to lamp, DSLR charger, baby sound machine, Verizon Fios plugs. Well crap... what appliance plugs DID fit, you ask? A lamp. Just one lamp. Oh, and the electric toothbrushes.Useless, sending them back. The Safety 1st units are square (not pyramid shaped) and hold various plugs.
-1	The slots for the cords on the bottom of the cover are too small.  I wanted to be able to thread the powerstrip's cord up into that--but this is meant for thin wires like a lamp or something-- not a thick wire.  Also, it wouldn't cover the box of the cell phone charger, either.  This is for very basic wires and plugs.
+1	These are designed to cover plugs you leave plugged in, such as lamps or alarm clocks, so keep kids from pulling on the plugs/cords and damaging them or injuring themselves.  And that's exactly what they do.  We use several in our home and have had no problems.  They're also very easy to install with a simple screwdriver.Many of the negative reviews here complain either it is too hard to open (which is completely the point) or that it only holds "small" (aka standard) plugs, which should be obvious from the description and picture, so they're not really being fair.
+1	I have 18 month old twins, and an older child with cerebral palsey, she has a hospital bed downstairs where we all get together during the day and evening and the babies are always getting into the cords, pulling them out of the wall, came on amazon (found this) and it goes over even the thick cords for the hospital bed (3 prong) so it is well worth the money as the babies have now completely given up on the cords :)
-1	These were a complete hassle to pry apart just to install them.  My mom and I each held a side and pulled, but nothing.  I finally had to shove in the latches as far as I could to get them apart.  Since that seems to be the only way to take the cover off, I had to leave the latches pushed in, defeating the purpose of keeping kids from pulling them off.  Definitley something I would use as a permanent fixture.  It's too much of a hassle to take it off every time you need to plug something in.  I plugged in what I needed to and have not intention of switching them up.
+1	I gave this product 4/5 stars for a couple reasons:Pros - mostly keeps fingers away from the plugs and sockets but only because they can't reach the sockets with little fingers, durable, hard for a child to take apart, completely kept our first son away.Cons - harder for an adult to quickly put together and take apart, doesn't keep little extremely curious fingers out of the top hole area (though they can't reach the part that would shock them), and doesn't stop our son from unplugging the cord since there is space for the cord to be pulled upward so that the plug comes out of the socket.  The plug won't come out of the box easily, but it can still be unplugged, and since it's harder for an adult to get fingers in the top part to plug it back in, it has to be taken apart to be plugged back in.Overall, it's done the job very well, but it is big and isn't perfect (though I doubt anything is).
+1	I love this thing. It fit our large power strip easily. Also very easy to use. I would highly recommend.
-1	The only other cover I could find wouldn't fit my power strip so I ordered this one. It seems sturdy and does fit fine, but the opening is way too big. My 8 month old could definatly fit at least a few fingers all the way in and touch the plug in no problem because I could. I decided to keep it and put clear packing tape around the opening.
-1	I returned this product due to the several reasons:-  It is too bulky- I ended up pinching my finger while installing it ( do not want my child to do it since he will be trying to figure out how to open it)
+1	I love this product it keeps my son safe. I enjoy how I can reach my skinny fingers into it unplug one thing and still leave it in the power strip cover but my son can still not get into it at all. It has been great to have especially now for all the Christmas lights we have going on.
+1	This cover was alright, the hole does seem a bit large and it wasn't quite long enough for our biggest power strip, but I have yet to find a cover that is, so I can't dock any stars for that
+1	This is a perfect baby proofing tool.  The strip cover will cover most standard sized power strips.  There is a hole on the side for the power strip to plug into the outlet and a wide opening on top for it to connect to the devices plugged into it.  It is really easy to put together- just snap shut in 3 places.  It is also easy to adjust as there is a button on the side that allows you to slide it between different sizes.  Overall, best power strip cover I've seen.
+1	So far, my 2 year old has been able to pull the cords out, but hasn't been able to get his little fingers down near the outlet, which is really the important part. One nice plus is it actually neatens the look of the power strip, instead of making it look tackier.
-1	Really? How could this possibly be useful? I saw somebody else post that the baby's hand can fit inside and I thought they were exaggerating. Really, I can reach my fingers in easily or poke a metal object through even easier. The baby's whole hand fits through the giant gap. Plus the thing is huge. Like almost as big as a shoe box. And really ugly. I don't know what we'll replace it with since the others don't sound better, but I know there is no point in decorating my living room with baby proofing for show. There's no way I could leave baby in there with this while I was out of the room, so I might as well just leave the cords as is.
+1	We used this behind the tv for all the connects and cords. It works well and keeps all the cords from being pulled.
+1	This is the best power strip cover I have found.  We tried the Mommy's Helper cover but it doesn't shut very securely and doesn't fit some larger plugs.
+1	Nothing special...it does the job of covering what it is suppose to. Unfortunately it still draws the attention of a 9 month old baby....but nothing gets past them anyway!It is safer to just have no wires/plugs anywhere that babies can see them but if you cant this at least makes it impossible to get to outlets.
-1	It's funny how many people have positively reviewed this. Yes, it's very convenient, easy to use, and fits well. What it doesn't actually do is effectively COVER the plugs! It's trivial for a small child to fit their entire hand in the rather large opening. In fact, I just plugged something in without having to remove the cover. If I can fit my hand in there, so can a child. And it doesn't even begin to protect against a child sticking a metal object in there. This product is, in a word, worthless.I recommend getting one of the power strips that has sliding covers on each of the individual outlets, or simply placing standard child-proof covers on the outlets of your existing power strip. But please don't use this product and think you are adequately protecting your child from shocks.
+1	I bought and returned the other popular brand of power strip cover because it doesn't fit iPhone/iMac chargers.  This one does.  And it adjusts lengthwise so you can make it pretty long if you need it to.  Some other reviews mention the size of the opening on the top - it's true, it's surprisingly wide, I can usually reach in enough to pull out a plug when I need to, rather than opening the whole thing.  So could your kid conceivably pull one of your plugs out when you don't want him/her to?  Sure, but the cover is also tall enough that it would be pretty darn hard for them to stick their fingers down into the open sockets.  Bottom line: treat this as a deterrent and not a substitute for knowing when your kid's playing with power cords.
+1	Easy to use!
+1	Great option for covering your outlets from little fingers. Easy to use and store away. Adjust to different lengths by pressing the buttons.
-1	Seriously, I just got this, and this product is not worth a single penny. It is too bulky and gets in the way. Even when it is on its smallest setting! Not just that, but there is a large opening at the top for the cords to fit through, but the gap is so big, my kids can still unplug the cords and play with them.
+1	This power strip easily keeps my breast-pump plug secure. It also covered as well as the other plugs :) Easy to use and sturdy.
+1	I believe that this product would prevent a child from tampering with a power strip, but the plastic is quite thin and I was worried as I used it that it would break. As I was installing it I tried to be very careful as it seemed as though the plastic was quite thin.
+1	This works pretty well to keep little hands from grabbing power strips. It also has the option of hanging it on the wall which I really like. The things I was not happy about was the quality of the plastic seems flimsy and also if you have to hook it on the last hole due to the size of your power strip it barely stays together. For our longest strip we had to duct tape around the entire device to make sure it stays together. Other than that it's a decent little contraption that does its job.
+1	Although unfortunately for only medium sized power strips? I couldn't get this to cover my living room power strip for my electronics because it wasn't quite long enough. Great for a smaller/medium sized power strip though.
+1	Essential if you are in the process of baby-proofing the living daylights out of your apartment/house, as I am. This product not only makes the powerstip safe for kids, but it also allow your chords to be in a neat casing and not all over the floor.
-1	This powerstrip cover is pointless.  Any child can get their hand in it and get shocked.
+1	My little one looooves plug ins.  This product prevents her from unplugging my electronic devices, from trying to plug things into the power strip, and from flipping the power strip into the off position.  It keeps my child and my electronics safe!My only critique of this item is that it seems a bit flimsy when fully extended.  The power strip for my entertainment center is a pretty standard length and size and fits in this strip cover with the cover extended fully.  When extended, the cover can wiggle, and if wiggled enough, little hands could possibly figure out how to separate the two pieces, thus gaining access to the power strip.  In an effort to avoid this scenario, I have placed the product placed far enough under my entertainment center that my child would really have to reach to get to it, so the level of concentration that it would take her to both reach for the power strip and open the cover is beyond what she is capable of doing.I am still satsified with this product despite its weakness when fully extended, however, because when I placed the bare power strip in the exact same location, my daughter had no problem both reaching for the power strip and flicking it into the off position.  Furthermore, seeing all those cords, outlets, and plugs motivated her to move the power strip to where she could reach it better and within a matter of moments, she would happily turning it on and off, unplugging things, and trying to "plug" foreign objects into it.  So another thing this product succeeds in doing is making the power strip less attractive for her by covering up all the things she likes most about them- buttons, plug ins, and outlets.If this device were more readily accessible (ie: out in the open) I think my daughter would have no problem figuring out how to open it and thus rendering it useless.  It might not have the same problem with a smaller power strip because the product wouldn't need to be fully extended.
-1	Many kids have been able to remove safety devices in less than 30 seconds.  It takes less than 5 minutes for a parent to leave the room to get something and return to find their child hanging from the cords...DEAD!!!  It is safer to spend the money and go CORDLESS!!!  But if you must keep your corded blinds, get the Fashion Wand (approved by PFWBS).  Go to Parents for Window Blind Safety (PFWBS) website and read all the testimonials of kids who died or were severely injured by blind cords.  Watch the videos they have of kids bypassing or breaking safety devices on cords in less than 30 seconds.  And then decide if you want to install a safety kit or remove the danger altogether.
+1	There is no perfect solution to window blind cords, but I think these do well. I actually used this kind years ago for pets. I do usually have to open and close them to unwind, but that is okay. What is important is that they put the cord high above a child's reach. I just ordered many more for the rest of the windows. However, for the kid's room we have the kind that is screwed into to the wall and wraps the cord around, so there is no chance of these plastic parts falling.
-1	This product is useless. After installed, I could still open the oven door with my pinky finger. The directions were also unclear and the picture doesn't match the product.
+1	This device keeps the oven shut despite my toddler hanging off the oven handle (fortunately, phew!).  I tried a different lock prior to this one, which I returned as the lock kept flopping down inside the oven whenever open.  This one does NOT have that problem.  It is easy to install, and works in areas with tight clearance too.
+1	It's pretty hard to find a great oven lock.  This one had terrible reviews, but was the kind we needed for our new oven (a side lock).  We've been using it for 9 months, and my toddler (who is now almost 2) seems quite safe.  She's pulled on the handle of the oven a few times (and we've told her "no", which she seems to accept most of the time) and the lock has stayed put.  She's tried to operate the lock a few times, and has not been successful at that either.  I can see a toddler who is very interested in the lock being able to figure it out, but she has been easily diverted from it.It's held up great, and I don't find it too cumbersome to lock/unlock it whenever I use the oven (which is pretty often - I cook a lot). I have no complaints.
+1	Does what it is supposed to.  Basic and easy too use and little ones can't figure it out.
-1	My 15 month old daughter was able to pull this thing apart with little effort. I would not recommend it.
+1	These locks took some time to install, however when you follow the instructions it goes very smoothly.  The time now was well worth the ease in the future.  Plus, after my daughter has outgrown the need for cabinet locks I can put them in their inactive mode.  This is great because when we have future company we can reactivate them and the home is childproof again.  Just be careful on cheap cabinets because you can drill through the entire door!  Definitely a wonderful investment.
+1	These locks just cannot be beat.  They were featured on HGTV to baby-proof your house which is how I found out about them in the first place.  They cannot be opened at ALL by the child, unlike many of the other items out there.  You have to not only have the key to open the door, you have to know how to manipulate it to open.  If you have chemicals that you have store within a child's reach, there is no other better way than this lock to make SURE that child is safe.  I feel very blessed that I found out these locks exist because my little one is extremely curious and figures out EVERYTHING! Trust me, you won't be disappointed.  Regarding the installation, my husband is not a handyman - he's a musician and if he can figure it out, so can just about anyone else.  Buy them!
+1	I read the directions twice then installed taking less than 15 minutes and I am pretty clueless with putting things together. One thing that should be changed is it says on the outside that a drill should be used but the directions says not to use a drill. The screws are small so a drill would be pointless. I like that it comes with paper guides so you only screww once and it is where it needs to be the first time instead of trial and error making many holes in cabinet.
+1	We have these locks installed on our cabinets in our home. I've tried other brands without success.. my kids always figure a way to get in. With this system, they can try all they want but they cannot get in. Sometimes the doors require pressing to open, but after I figured it out.. I never have an issue opening the doors. This will be the system of choice in any additional homes we buy later on... I don't think I'd ever want to change after having such a positive experience. I would definitely recommend this to a friend or family member, without hesitation!
+1	As with everything about being a parent, locks are more complicated than you'd have thought (or would like!):SCREW-MOUNTED MAGNETIC LOCKS:  The Safety 1st Tot-Lok Locks can be difficult to install, especially on drawers, but have more flexibility about where you can install the lock than the adhesive locks and seem very secure.  Still, most people may want to try the adhesive locks (see below) first, to make it easier to get some child proofing done quickly.Pros:+ Very nice & secure once installed, especially since the fit can be adjusted to give a tight lock when closed.+ Works vertically or horizontally ... that is, on the side of a door or the top.+ Can easily be switched to hold the lock open, for when no children are aroundCons:- Complicated to install, especially in some situations.  So you might not get around to installing them, given all the other demands on your time.- Requires drilling a hole partway through the cabinet door from the inside for the magnetic part, plus some small holes to attach- May require some new tools - a collar lock, to keep from drilling through the door; and a right angle chuck for tight spacesIf you plan to be in your home for a while, and want a finished, secure set of locks, the Tot Loks may be a good choice.One note, if you use them often the magnetic key will wear the finish where it rubs.ADHESIVE MOUNT MAGNETIC LOCKS: The KidCo Adhesive Mount Magnet Locks will only work in some spots, but it's still a good lock to try first, for a lot of people, because it works well (in the right situations) and is easy to install.  Buy some and see how they work on your cabinets.  Once you've tried a few, it's a lot easier to see where'll they'll work or won't work.Pros:+ Quick to install, after a few minutes of figuring it out+ No drilling required, so less work and no damage to furniture or cabinetsCons:- Only installs horizontally (along the top edge of a door or drawer), given the way they use gravity to lock.We just use the adhesive mount, no additional screws, for some furniture we didn't want to drill holes into.  They seem to be strong enough so far, especially since our kids seem to give up trying a door after a while - if it won't open, they lose interest.  I don't know how the adhesive would stand up to long term use or really heavy pulling.HOOK LOCKS:  The advantage that either of the magnetic locks has over the old fashioned hook type (like theMommy's Helper Safe-Lok Cabinet Door and Drawer Lock) is that the hooks have a lot more play (they have to open a little bit to give you access to the lock). So a child can bang them back and forth - they might not open the door or drawer, but they will make a racket.  Maybe OK in some situations, but not a great solution for easily accessible drawers or doors.SLIDE LOCKS:  Slide locks (such as theAmerican Red Cross Cabinet Safety Slide Lock) are very quick and easy to install, if they fit.  But they can also be pretty easy for some kids to unlock, so if they are within reach they aren't much of a barrier to older kids.  And even younger kids can sometimes open them by pulling or pushing on the doors.  However, they are a good temporary solution and can be useful to carry when you travel.FLEX LOCKS:  Flex locks (like the Safety First Cabinet Flex-Lock (see reviews) orCabinet Flex-Lock 2-Pack) are strong and easy to install, and you can see by looking at them whether the lock is secure (unlike the magnetic locks, which are designed to be out of sight).  So you might want to use them for critical spots such as under the sink; or use them when you travel.  And as a bonus, they are so secure that even some adults can't open them! ;-)  (They do take two hands to open.)  Not attractive, but they do the job if you keep them tightened.
+1	This product is great.  It's not super easy to install (each lock requires 6 screws plus one hole in the door).  If you take your time, ready the instructions, plan it out, and execute; it works great.  You have to be patient.  Each door took me 5 to 10 minutes.  In less than 1 hour I was able to unpack, read instructions, plan, get my tools, and have it done in 4 doors.  I think it won't work with hollow doors or maybe doors that are too thick but mine were pretty standard.I love how it's hidden and pretty sturdy due to having a bunch of screws holding it.  The adhesive ones are easy to install but I bet my son would open them in no time.
+1	After many years of fighting traditional cheap plastic child safety locks (we have a cat that likes to get into things too) and seeing our son still manage to pinch his fingers in doors (better than getting at chemicals or whatever, but still!), our pediatrician recommended these to us.  They were easy to install, and he can't get the doors open at all, so no pinched fingers or getting at something he shouldn't.  They also have a mechanism to keep the lock in the open position, like if you need to get in a cabinet a lot, or the kids are older and you don't need them anymore.  I would however recommend keeping an extra key around in case one gets lost, or locked in a cabinet by accident.
+1	These locks are fantastic, but wow, what a pain to install.  The directions are all but useless, so it was kind of trial and error.  My husband had to drill and redrill a couple of times to get the lock in the right place so that it would work.I would recommend these locks only for cabinets/drawers where there are dangerous/harmful goods inside.  It's worth it for those.
-1	This product is a great concept, BUT it has a critical flaw for me.  The whole idea that I need to drill a big hole inside each cabinet door or drawer is a non starter.  I mean, why would you spend money on a nice kitchen only to drill holes inside doors and drawers?  Hello?  Baby will grow up eventually so the locks are not needed.  What about those holes?  It is cute that the manual says "do not drill through the door," hugh?  Why would I want to even have a drill near my cabinet doors?  Also, what happens if say the door cracks while I drill?  Who pays for that?  I know the answer to that one -> ME!  Soooo....product is going back.  Non-starter
+1	I am opening a home daycare and these are some of the only locks that are approved by the state of Washington. I really like the fact that they can be unlocked for long periods of time, so when I am working in the kitchen I can leave them unlocked and then quickly lock them again. They are really not hard to install, I watched a video on You Tube that showed how to install them and then went and did it.I am going to recommend these to people I know. I really think they would be great for grandparents or anyone who has young kids visiting often because you can turn them off when the kids are not there, most other child locks do not have that feature.
+1	I am sure we will use these in the future, but I wanted to post saying that our doctor recommended an emery board to avoid the risk of cutting the skin of a newborn because their nails are so close to it. Just wanted to let new moms know what I have learned.
-1	On the first use of this item a sliver of metal fell off.  If I was not in a well lit room and paying close attention, my 7 week old could have gotten seriously hurt.  To add salt to the wound,  I tried to return the item and I got two separate emails from the seller.  The first email asked me to describe the defect.  I responded to the email. After which, I received a second email asking me to send a picture of the item; SERIOUSLY!  1. Do you think I am storing the sliver of metal to take a picture of it?  2.  If I described the defect as a sliver of metal, the product would look the same as in the original picture of the item, as a sliver denotes a very small piece, so the seller already has a picture of what the product looks like.  3.  If the seller needed a picture, this should have been requested in the first email, not in a second email.  I shop online because I have limited time.  I do not have time to respond to an email trail for a $3 nail clip.  However, I am so irritated with the product and the seller's response that I decided to write this review.  In addition, my request to return the item was closed before the return approval process was completed!
+1	Ordered before baby was born. Now started to cut the nails already. Nice clippers, easy to hold in the hand.
+1	These aren't bad. A little awkward to use the clipper lever - it is very small even for my small hands and tends to slip. But I'm guessing this is just the case with all baby clippers. It's fairly easy to see what you're about to clip and you don't need to press very hard to cut the nail. My handle was green, unlike the white in the photo.
+1	Very nice it's was exactly what I expected. I will defiantly recommend it. I will be buying more in the future.
+1	So the baby nail clippers are TINY! and hard to hold, but this is great, it fits into the palm of my hand and I get my newborn son's nails clipped much easier. If I could, I would change the material on the grip to a rubbery texture so it wouldn't slide around in my hand at all. My hands are always very dry and it slides around a bit, but nothing like how those tiny ones fall out of my hand. I would recommend this product.
+1	I know they make these with a huge bulb on them now, but I still use the pairs of these I had from 10.5 years ago when my son was born.  I clip my 10 and 4 year olds' nails with these and they are steady and perfect and still clip fine.  Just bought a pair for a new mom-to-be friend, and have gifted them in the past.  These are all you need! And maybe some reading glasses and good light!
+1	These are comfortable to hold and make it easy to cut my baby's nails without cutting them too short or struggling to hold onto the tiny clippers.
+1	Honestly, I don't just use these for babies.  In fact, it's the nail clipper of choice in the house for all 9 of my kids.  They won't touch the metal ones, but these work really easy even for them to clip their own nails.  The only thing I would add to them is some type of metal file to clean under the nails... but you can't beat the ease of clipping with these things!
+1	This is baby nail clipper #4 that we've tried, and our search is finally over.  It's sharp enough to cut nails on the first try and the white bulb is pretty comfortable to hold.  What more do you need in a pair of baby nail clippers?The losers:- Safety 1st model 49539 (has the holder for emery boards) - the grip is comfortable but the clippers are blunt and therefore useless.  The emery board is useful.- Dubon baby nail clipper (the kind that you wear on your finger like a ring) - has the safety guard so you don't catch the baby's skin in the clippers, but that makes it almost impossible to clip the actual nail.  Plus, it's not sharp and therefore worthless.- Nuby infant nail clipper - not bad in terms of sharpness, but something about the way it's designed makes it really difficult to get at the baby's nails.Search ends here, thank goodness!
+1	It is always difficult getting a reading from a thermometer for a sick infant. With this product, given that the infant would be used to a pacifer, works wonders. For all of my friends expecting a little one, this is a must.